Start bundling `libssh` v0.11.1 in `manylinux` wheels (#735)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/735.packaging.rst

> Updateed to libssh 0.11.1 in packaing scripts -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

Reviewer: `s/ee/e/`. But let's rephrase:
```suggestion
Started bundling a copy of libssh 0.11.1 in platform-specific
wheels published on PyPI -- by :user:`Jakuje`.
```

Author: Thanks. Updated. Will push it once the others will be in.
